---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

### SCOREC

The Scientific Computation Research Center (SCOREC) is focused on the
development of reliable simulation technologies for engineers, scientists,
medical professionals, and other practitioners. These advancements enable
experts in their fields to employ, appraise, and evaluate the behavior of
physical, chemical, and biological systems of interest.


Building on its historic strengths in automated adaptive modeling and
computation, SCOREC is focused on the development of the technologies necessary
to enable multiscale systems engineering. Multiscale systems engineering will
introduce a new paradigm in which all interacting scales important to the
behavior of materials, devices, and systems will be accurately modeled and
accounted for in the design optimized products and processes. To enable the
implementation of this new paradigm advanced modeling, simulation, optimization,
and control technologies must be developed to provide the basis for design
environments in which systematic exploration of alternative designs is supported
by (i) a hierarchy of models that provides a consistent description of
multiscale phenomena, (ii) adaptive simulation methods that account for the
scale interactions, (iii) efficient computational analysis, optimization and
control methods, and (iv) the representation of uncertainty and its propagation.

The interdisciplinary team of faculty, research staff and students working with
SCOREC are involved in funded research to address key research areas that must
be addressed in terms of the overall methods involved as well as their
application to specific critical application areas such as nano-composites
design and vascular disease modeling. SCOREC research programs include the
active transition of the methods and simulation technologies developed to
industrial practice and commercialization by software companies.

Visit [scorec.rpi.edu](http://scorec.rpi.edu/about_us.php) for more info.

### Contact us

Cameron W. Smith [smithc11@rpi.edu](mailto:smithc11@rpi.edu)

Mark S. Shephard [shephard@rpi.edu](mailto:shephard@rpi.edu)
